containers/ws: Support using an external SSH agent (#21202)
cockpit-project/cockpit: containers/ws/README.md

Private keys can be encrypted; then cockpit uses the provided password to decrypt the key.

> ### SSH_AUTH_SOCK

Reviewer: I think this belongs into the previous "SSH auth" section.

> By default the container starts its own ssh-agent. Alternatively `SSH_AUTH_SOCK` environment variable can be set to surpress starting ssh-agent.

Reviewer: "surpress" typo, and I think it would be better to describe a "positive" use case:
```suggestion
By default the container starts its own ssh-agent. Alternatively you can pass an `SSH_AUTH_SOCK` environment variable and a corresponding socket volume to the container to re-use your host's socket.
```

and perhaps give an example? Does this work?
```
-v $SSH_AUTH_SOCK:/ssh.sock -e SSH_AUTH_SOCK=/ssh.sock
```

Author: This might under a non SElinux system, for now I'm just running it as `--privileged`.

Otherwise, yeah, that works.

Reviewer: Ah, perhaps with `-v $SSH_AUTH_SOCK:/ssh.sock:Z` then?
